Update doc it to remove references of deprecated packages (#610)
brightlayer-ui/doc-it: src/docs/development/frameworks-mobile/react-native.mdx

npx -p @brightlayer-ui/cli blui new react-native
```

> You will be asked to provide a name for your project, you'll be asked if you want to use the Brightlayer UI eslint and prettier configurations files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be asked to provide a name for your project and whether you want to use the Brightlayer UI eslint and prettier configurations files.
```
